>> Jimmy: IT'S VERY GOOD TO SEE
YOU.
THANKS FOR COMING.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: I SPEAK FOR MYSELF
HERE WHEN I SAY, ALSO, WE'RE
VERY EXCITED THAT YOU PUT OUT
THESE COMEDY SPECIALS.
13 YEARS.
LIKE A LOCUST, YOU HAVE RETURNED
WITH THESE.
WHY DID YOU DECIDE TO PUT TWO OF
THEM OUT?
>> MONEY.
>> Jimmy: MONEY?
>> YEAH, I DID, YOU KNOW, I JUST
STARTED MAKING THEM.
I MADE THEM AND THEN I SHELVED
THEM.
AND THEN THEY BOUGHT THEM.
>> Jimmy: DID YOU MAKE THEM
THINKING, OH, I'LL SELL THESE
ONE DAY, OR DO YOU THINK, THESE
MIGHT NOT BE SO TIMELY ANYMORE?
WHICH, THEY ARE, CERTAINLY, BUT
DID YOU WORRY ABOUT THAT?
>> NO.
>> Jimmy: NOT AT ALL?
BECAUSE IT'S LIKE, I DON'T GET
>> NO.
MAD AT A PHOTOGRAPH BECAUSE IT'S
BECAUSE IT'S LIKE, I DON'T GET
NOT TODAY.
MAD AT A PHOTOGRAPH BECAUSE IT'S
[ LAUGHTER ]
NOT TODAY.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S A VERY HEALTHY
[ LAUGHTER ]
WAY OF LOOKING AT IT.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S A VERY HEALTHY
>> IS THERE FAIR REPRESENTATION
WAY OF LOOKING AT IT.
OF THE NIGHT THEY WERE SHOT.
>> IS THERE FAIR REPRESENTATION
BUT THINGS CHANGE SO RAPIDLY
OF THE NIGHT THEY WERE SHOT.
NOW, AND THE WAY PEOPLE LISTEN
BUT THINGS CHANGE SO RAPIDLY
TO THINGS CHANGE SO RAPIDLY.
NOW, AND THE WAY PEOPLE LISTEN
SO MAYBE I WAS A LITTLE WORRIED,
TO THINGS CHANGE SO RAPIDLY.
BUT NOT ENOUGH TO NOT PUT THEM
SO MAYBE I WAS A LITTLE WORRIED,
OUT.
BUT NOT ENOUGH TO NOT PUT THEM
>> Jimmy: AND TALKING ABOUT
OUT.
MONEY, EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT YOU
>> Jimmy: AND TALKING ABOUT
GOT A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF
MONEY, EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT YOU
MONEY.
GOT A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF
WHAT I READ WAS $60 MILLION WAS
MONEY.
FOR THREE SPECIALS, TWO OF THEM
WHAT I READ WAS $60 MILLION WAS
YOU HAD IN THE CLOSET ALREADY.
FOR THREE SPECIALS, TWO OF THEM
>> I TOOK THEM OUT OF THE CLOSET
YOU HAD IN THE CLOSET ALREADY.
AND WAS LIKE --
>> I TOOK THEM OUT OF THE CLOSET
[ LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE ]
AND WAS LIKE --
>> Jimmy: DO YOU WORRY ABOUT
[ LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE ]
THAT?
>> Jimmy: DO YOU WORRY ABOUT
DO YOU LIKE WHEN PEOPLE KNOW HOW
THAT?
MUCH MONEY YOU HAVE?
DO YOU LIKE WHEN PEOPLE KNOW HOW
WOULD YOU RATHER THEY DIDN'T?
MUCH MONEY YOU HAVE?
>> I LEARNED FROM THE LAST TIME.
WOULD YOU RATHER THEY DIDN'T?
>> Jimmy: OKAY.
>> I LEARNED FROM THE LAST TIME.
WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME?
>> Jimmy: OKAY.
>> WHO KNOWS.
WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME?
I JUST LEARNED, YOU KNOW, I
>> WHO KNOWS.
WOULD RATHER PEOPLE DIDN'T KNOW.
I JUST LEARNED, YOU KNOW, I
BUT I KINDA DON'T CARE.
WOULD RATHER PEOPLE DIDN'T KNOW.
>> Jimmy: DO YOU FEEL PRESSURE
BUT I KINDA DON'T CARE.
NOW TO LEAVE A BIGGER TIP AT A
>> Jimmy: DO YOU FEEL PRESSURE
RESTAURANT, ESPECIALLY IN THE
NOW TO LEAVE A BIGGER TIP AT A
GLOW OF THE NEWS THAT THIS IS
RESTAURANT, ESPECIALLY IN THE
HAPPENING TO YOU?
GLOW OF THE NEWS THAT THIS IS
>> I DON'T KNOW IF YOU'VE HEARD
HAPPENING TO YOU?
THE STEREOTYPE, BLACK PEOPLE
>> I DON'T KNOW IF YOU'VE HEARD
DON'T TIP WELL.
THE STEREOTYPE, BLACK PEOPLE
[ LAUGHTER ]
DON'T TIP WELL.
>> Jimmy: YOU DON'T WANT TO RUIN
[ LAUGHTER ]
THAT?
>> Jimmy: YOU DON'T WANT TO RUIN
>> YEAH, I'M HOMEDILDING THE LI.
THAT?
>> Jimmy: THAT'S VERY ADMIRABLE
>> YEAH, I'M HOMEDILDING THE LI.
OF YOU.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S VERY ADMIRABLE
YOU LIVE IN A SMALL TOWN IN
OF YOU.
OHIO.
YOU LIVE IN A SMALL TOWN IN
HOW OLD ARE YOUR KIDS NOW?
OHIO.
>> MY OLDEST IS 16.
HOW OLD ARE YOUR KIDS NOW?
I HAVE A 14-YEAR-OLD, EXCUSE ME.
>> MY OLDEST IS 16.
AND AN 8-YEAR-OLD.
I HAVE A 14-YEAR-OLD, EXCUSE ME.
>> Jimmy: YOU WERE DOING
AND AN 8-YEAR-OLD.
STAND-UP, HOW OLD WERE YOU WHEN
>> Jimmy: YOU WERE DOING
YOU STARTED DOING IT?
STAND-UP, HOW OLD WERE YOU WHEN
>> 14.
YOU STARTED DOING IT?
>> Jimmy: SO YOUR SON IS YOUR
>> 14.
OLDEST.
>> Jimmy: SO YOUR SON IS YOUR
>> YEAH, YEAH.
OLDEST.
>> Jimmy: IS HE INTERESTED IN
>> YEAH, YEAH.
DOING SOMETHING LIKE THIS?
>> Jimmy: IS HE INTERESTED IN
LIKE WHAT YOU DID AT THAT AGE.
DOING SOMETHING LIKE THIS?
>> HE'S A FUNNY KID, BUT THAT'S
LIKE WHAT YOU DID AT THAT AGE.
NOT -- IF ANY ONE OF MY KIDS
>> HE'S A FUNNY KID, BUT THAT'S
WOULD BE A COMEDIAN, I'VE SAID
NOT -- IF ANY ONE OF MY KIDS
IT BEFORE, IT'S MY DAUGHTER.
WOULD BE A COMEDIAN, I'VE SAID
SHE GOT ALL THE SKILL SETS.
IT BEFORE, IT'S MY DAUGHTER.
SHE'S VERY FUNNY.
SHE GOT ALL THE SKILL SETS.
>> Jimmy: DO THEY THINK YOU'RE
SHE'S VERY FUNNY.
FUNNY?
>> Jimmy: DO THEY THINK YOU'RE
>> NOW THEY DO, YEAH.
FUNNY?
>> Jimmy: YOU THINK THAT THEY --
>> NOW THEY DO, YEAH.
WHEN YOU COME BACK OUT AND
>> Jimmy: YOU THINK THAT THEY --
EVERYBODY GETS VERY EXCITED THAT
WHEN YOU COME BACK OUT AND
THEY GO, WELL, FOR THEM, THIS IS
EVERYBODY GETS VERY EXCITED THAT
KIND OF NEWS, ISN'T IT?
THEY GO, WELL, FOR THEM, THIS IS
>> NOW THEY -- THE LAST TIME
KIND OF NEWS, ISN'T IT?
THIS HAPPENED TO ME, THEY WERE
>> NOW THEY -- THE LAST TIME
SO YOUNG, AND OBVIOUSLY I WASN'T
THIS HAPPENED TO ME, THEY WERE
HAVING A GOOD TIME BACK THEN.
SO YOUNG, AND OBVIOUSLY I WASN'T
SO THEY THOUGHT THAT FAME WAS
HAVING A GOOD TIME BACK THEN.
BAD.
SO THEY THOUGHT THAT FAME WAS
AND THEN AS THEY GOT OLDER, THEY
BAD.
REALIZED, IT'S NOT ALL BAD.
AND THEN AS THEY GOT OLDER, THEY
AND THEY JUST POWER THROUGH IT.
REALIZED, IT'S NOT ALL BAD.
>> Jimmy: ARE YOU HAVING FUN
AND THEY JUST POWER THROUGH IT.
THIS TIME AROUND?
>> Jimmy: ARE YOU HAVING FUN
>> I AM MAKING A POINT TO HAVE
THIS TIME AROUND?
FUN THIS TIME AROUND.
>> I AM MAKING A POINT TO HAVE
>> Jimmy: YOU ARE?
FUN THIS TIME AROUND.
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: YOU ARE?
>> Jimmy: CAN YOU MAKE THAT
>> YES.
CONSCIOUS DECISION TO HAVE FUN?
>> Jimmy: CAN YOU MAKE THAT
>> YEAH, AT THIS AGE.
CONSCIOUS DECISION TO HAVE FUN?
>> Jimmy: AT THIS AGE?
>> YEAH, AT THIS AGE.
>> YEAH, FAILURE IS INFORMATIVE.
>> Jimmy: AT THIS AGE?
>> Jimmy: YOU NEVER REALLY
>> YEAH, FAILURE IS INFORMATIVE.
FAILED.
>> Jimmy: YOU NEVER REALLY
YOU RETREATED.
FAILED.
>> RIGHT.
YOU RETREATED.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> RIGHT.
>> Jimmy: IT'S DIFFERENT.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> I ACTUALLY LIKE THE WAY YOU
>> Jimmy: IT'S DIFFERENT.
PUT THAT.
>> I ACTUALLY LIKE THE WAY YOU
>> Jimmy: OKAY.
PUT THAT.
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN DOING SHOWS
>> Jimmy: OKAY.
HERE IN L.A. SINCE YOU'VE BEEN
I KNOW YOU'VE BEEN DOING SHOWS
HERE.
HERE IN L.A. SINCE YOU'VE BEEN
AND ONE OF THE GUYS WHO WORKS
HERE.
HERE SAID YOU WERE DOING A SHOW
AND ONE OF THE GUYS WHO WORKS
AND LeBRON JAMES AND THE
HERE SAID YOU WERE DOING A SHOW
CLEVELAND CAVALIERS SHOWED UP
AND LeBRON JAMES AND THE
FOR THE SHOW.
CLEVELAND CAVALIERS SHOWED UP
DID YOU KNOW THEY WERE COMING?
FOR THE SHOW.
>> YEAH, I KNEW.
DID YOU KNOW THEY WERE COMING?
I WENT TO THE GAME EARLIER.
>> YEAH, I KNEW.
>> Jimmy: I SEE.
I WENT TO THE GAME EARLIER.
>> BUT THEY SAY, WE'LL COME BY
>> Jimmy: I SEE.
THE SHOW.
>> BUT THEY SAY, WE'LL COME BY
WELL, YOU KNOW, EIGHT-FOOT DUDES
THE SHOW.
START WALKING IN THE DOOR.
WELL, YOU KNOW, EIGHT-FOOT DUDES
>> Jimmy: ARE THEY STILL IN
START WALKING IN THE DOOR.
UNIFORM, OR DO THEY SHOWER AND
>> Jimmy: ARE THEY STILL IN
CHANGE?
UNIFORM, OR DO THEY SHOWER AND
>> YEAH, IT WAS DOPE, THOUGH.
CHANGE?
LeBRON GOT ON STAGE WITH ME AND
>> YEAH, IT WAS DOPE, THOUGH.
DID A FEW COMEDY BITS.
LeBRON GOT ON STAGE WITH ME AND
HE WAS FUNNY TOO.
DID A FEW COMEDY BITS.
>> Jimmy: HE DID COMEDY BITS ON
HE WAS FUNNY TOO.
HIS OWN, OR YOU MADE FUN OF HIM?
>> Jimmy: HE DID COMEDY BITS ON
>> I MADE SOME ASSISTS.
HIS OWN, OR YOU MADE FUN OF HIM?
[ LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE ]
>> I MADE SOME ASSISTS.
>> Jimmy: KYRIE IRVING, WHO
[ LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE ]
PLAYS FOR THE CAVALIERS, HE
>> Jimmy: KYRIE IRVING, WHO
RECENTLY SAID THAT HE BELIEVES
PLAYS FOR THE CAVALIERS, HE
THE WORLD IS FLAT.
RECENTLY SAID THAT HE BELIEVES
IS THAT A SUBJECT THAT YOU
THE WORLD IS FLAT.
COVERED WITH HIM?
IS THAT A SUBJECT THAT YOU
WERE YOU AWARE OF THAT?
COVERED WITH HIM?
>> I WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW HOW TO
WERE YOU AWARE OF THAT?
BROACH THAT TOPIC.
>> I WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW HOW TO
WORD, IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK?
BROACH THAT TOPIC.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
WORD, IS THAT WHAT YOU THINK?
>> Jimmy: I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
I GUESS IF YOU FEEL IT, IT WON'T
>> Jimmy: I DON'T KNOW.
REALLY MAKE ANY KIND OF A
I GUESS IF YOU FEEL IT, IT WON'T
DIFFERENCE.
REALLY MAKE ANY KIND OF A
>> I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE
DIFFERENCE.
PHILOSOPHY BEHIND THE FLAT-EARTH
>> I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE
THEORY.
PHILOSOPHY BEHIND THE FLAT-EARTH
>> Jimmy: WHY DO YOU SAY THAT?
THEORY.
>> I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND.
>> Jimmy: WHY DO YOU SAY THAT?
FIRST OF ALL, WHAT DIFFERENCE
>> I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND.
DOES IT MAKE?
FIRST OF ALL, WHAT DIFFERENCE
[ LAUGHTER ]
DOES IT MAKE?
COULD BE FLAT, COULD NOT BE
[ LAUGHTER ]
FLAT.
COULD BE FLAT, COULD NOT BE
THERE COULD BE 12 CONTINENTS,
FLAT.
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?
THERE COULD BE 12 CONTINENTS,
>> Jimmy: THAT'S A MATTER OF HOW
HOW WOULD YOU KNOW?
WE DRAW IT UP.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S A MATTER OF HOW
BUT WITH THE WORLD, WITH THE
WE DRAW IT UP.
EARTH, WHEN YOU STAND BACK AND
BUT WITH THE WORLD, WITH THE
LOOK AT THE HORIZON, YOU CAN SEE
EARTH, WHEN YOU STAND BACK AND
CURVATURE, UNLIKE A DINOSAUR?
LOOK AT THE HORIZON, YOU CAN SEE
>> OR IF YOU FLY IN ONE
CURVATURE, UNLIKE A DINOSAUR?
DIRECTION, YOU WILL COME BACK
>> OR IF YOU FLY IN ONE
AROUND.
DIRECTION, YOU WILL COME BACK
>> Jimmy: THAT'S TRUE.
AROUND.
THEY GO TO CLEVELAND, AND MAYBE
>> Jimmy: THAT'S TRUE.
THEY NEED LONGER TRIPS IS WHAT'S
THEY GO TO CLEVELAND, AND MAYBE
GOING ON.
THEY NEED LONGER TRIPS IS WHAT'S
WE'LL TAKE A BREAK.
GOING ON.
WHEN WE COME BACK, DO YOU CARE
WE'LL TAKE A BREAK.
ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE THINK ABOUT
WHEN WE COME BACK, DO YOU CARE
THE COMEDY SPECIALS?
ABOUT WHAT PEOPLE THINK ABOUT
>> SURE.
THE COMEDY SPECIALS?
>> Jimmy: OH, YOU DO?
>> SURE.
BECAUSE THEY'RE ABSOLUTELY
>> Jimmy: OH, YOU DO?
FANTASTIC.
BECAUSE THEY'RE ABSOLUTELY
I WATCHED THEM OVER THE LAST TWO
FANTASTIC.
NIGHTS, I WAS LITERALLY CRYING
I WATCHED THEM OVER THE LAST TWO
LAUGHING.
NIGHTS, I WAS LITERALLY CRYING
MY WIFE CAME DOWNSTAIRS AND
LAUGHING.
YELLED AT ME AT ONE POINT.
MY WIFE CAME DOWNSTAIRS AND
DAVE CHAPPELLE IS HERE WITH US.
>> I DON'T KNOW IF YOU EVER SAW
ON TMZ, DAVE CHAPPELLE DRUNK ON
STAGE IN DETROIT.
WELL, IF YOU SAW IT, I WASN'T
DRUNK.
I HAD SMOKED APPROXIMSOME REEFE
SOME RAPPERS.
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW IF YOU KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT HANGING OUT WITH
RAPPERS, BUT THEIR WEED IS VERY
STRONG.
STRONGER THAN WHAT I WAS
ACCUSTOMED TO.
THE ARTICLE GOES ON TO SAY I WAS
BOOED OFF STAGE, WHICH IS ALSO
INCORRECT.
I WAS BOOED, I DID NOT LEAVE.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S DAVE CHAPPELLE,
THE AGE OF SPIN AND  DEEP IN
THE HEART OF TEXAS  ARE
AVAILABLE NOW ON NETFLIX.
DO YOU STILL GET HECKLED?
YOU MENTIONED THIS, WHICH IS
AMAZING TO ME, THAT AT THIS
POINT IN YOUR CAREER, THAT'S
STILL HAPPENING.
>> I DON'T THINK THAT WILL EVER
START.
IT'S ALWAYS COMEDY, NO MATTER
HOW HIGH YOU GO, THE MECHANICS
NEVER CHANGE.
>> Jimmy: CAN YOU SPOT MONTH
WHITE  --
SPOT WHO MIGHT BE THE PROBLEM IN
THE AUDIENCE?
IS THERE A PROFILE?
>> SOMETIMES YOU CAN SEE THEM
BUBBLING.
AND THEN YOU KNOW, THIS GUY IS
GOING TO BE TROUBLE.
BUT A LOT OF TIMES YOU JUST
NEVER KNOW.
>> Jimmy: YOU HAVE A POLICY THAT
I THINK IS GREAT.
THERE ARE NO CAMERAS, NO CAMERA
WATCHES OR ANYTHING OF THAT
STUFF ALLOWED IN YOUR THEATER.
WHY DO YOU DO THAT?
BESIDES THE FACT THAT YOUR
SPECIALS ARE NOW WORTH $60
MILLION?
WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THAT?
>> THERE'S A LOT.
ONE, IT BECAME A THING WHERE I
WALK ON STAGE, I SEE A SEA OF
CELL PHONES, SO I KNEW THAT
ANYTHING I SAID IN THE ROOM, I
WAS SAYING TO EVERYBODY, WHETHER
THEY WERE IN THE ROOM OR NOT.
WHICH IS NOT AN EMPOWERING
FEELING AS SAY COMEDIAN.
IT'S LIKE FIGHT CLUB RULES
APPLY.
WHAT I'M SAYING TO YOU, I'D
RATHER JUST KEEP IT IN THE ROOM.
AND THE OTHER THINGS, COMEDIANS
NEED THE ELEMENT OF SURPRISE
SPOKESPERSON SO IF SOMEONE SEES
THE JOKE THAT I'M DOING BEFORE I
GET TO THAT CITY, THEN I GOT TO
DO ALL NEW JOKES.
AND I COULDN'T WRITE FAST
ENOUGH.
>> Jimmy: THE AUDIENCE DOESN'T
REALIZE IT, BUT THEY'RE CHEATING
THEMSELVES OUT OF YOU TAKING
RISKS AT THAT TIME AND SAYING
THINGS THAT MIGHT NOT
NECESSARILY BE APPROPRIATE FOR
THE WORLD.
>> THAT'S EXACTLY RIGHT.
SO FOR INSTANCE, WHEN WE HAD A
SHOW THE OTHER NIGHT, LeBRON
JAMES, I DON'T THINK WOULD HAVE
WENT ON STAGE AND HAD ME SAY ALL
THE CRAZY STUFF I WAS SAYING
AROUND HIM, IF PEOPLE CELL
PHONES --
>> Jimmy: WHAT WAS THE CRAZY
STUFF YOU SAID TO LeBRON JAMES?
[ LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE ]
>> I DON'T KNOW.
FIGHT CLUB RULES APPLY.
BUT I SAY A LOT OF CRAZY
[ BLEEP ] WHEN I'M ON STAGE.
IT'S NOT MALICIOUS, BUT I HAVE A
GOOD TIME.
>> Jimmy: ONE OF THE SPECIALS IS
BUILT AROUND FOUR DIFFERENT
TIMES YOU MET O.J. SIMPSON.
FOUR DIFFERENT ENCOUNTERS YOU
HAD WITH O.J.
AND IT IS BEAUTIFUL THE WAY YOU
WEAVE IT TOGETHER.
YOU START WITH THE FIRST ONE.
AND THE SECOND ONE HAPPENS AND
THE THIRD ONE HAPPENS AND YOU
WRAP IT UP.
HE MIGHT BE OUT OF JAIL IN
OCTOBER.
>> OKAY.
>> Jimmy: YOU COULD GET A NUMBER
FIVE OUT OF THIS.
BUT THE WAY YOU SPEAK ABOUT IT
IS REALLY, IT'S -- IT'S NEW IS
WHAT IT IS.
AND THE WAY YOU SPOKE ABOUT BILL
COSBY IN THE SPECIAL WAS
SOMETHING THAT IT WAS JUST SUCH
A DANGEROUS LINE THAT YOU WALKED
AND YOU WALKED IT SO WELL.
AND IT'S SO FUNNY.
DO YOU LOOK FOR SUBJECTS LIKE
THAT?
OR DO YOU JUST FEEL COMPELLED TO
SPEAK ABOUT THEM?
>> THOSE ARE BIG ENOUGH THAT YOU
WOULDN'T HAVE TO LOOK.
I THINK IT'S MORE OF A
COMPULSION.
SOMETIMES SOMETHING WILL HAPPEN
AND YOU'LL FEEL A CERTAIN WAY
ABOUT IT, SO YOU JUST -- LIKE
WHEN I'M WALKING DOWN THE
STREET, THEY'RE LIKE, DAVE,
THAT'S RIGHT, YOU TELL IT LIKE
IT IS.
NOT REALLY.
I DON'T REALLY KNOW WHAT IT IS.
I JUST SAY WHAT IT FEELS LIKE.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS.
>> Jimmy: YEAH, YEAH.
YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL, I'M HAVING
THE URGE TO TELL ALL YOUR JOKES
FROM THE SPECIAL, BUT I DON'T
WANT TO DO THAT, BECAUSE I THINK
PEOPLE SHOULD RIGHT NOW, TURN
OFF THE SHOW RIGHT NOW, GO ON TO
NETFLIX AND WATCH THESE SPECIALS
BECAUSE THEY'RE GREAT.
THE AGE OF SPIN AND  DEEP IN
THE HEART OF TEXAS  ARE
AVAILABLE RIGHT NOW.